(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Sora)
When my people
put their foot down
and gained control
of the Xyz Dimension,
they all fled like
rats on a sinking ship.
We left so we could
fight another day
against those from
your Fusion Dimension!
Huh?
Aah! No!
Don't take me away!
I want you to tell me
where my friend Sora is!
He's home,
at Duel Academy.
They train
duel warriors there.
Our homeland was attacked
by the Fusion Warriors...
They laid waste to my city.
As for my people...
they captured them by trapping
their souls into cards.
And there is more fighting
happening right now, Yuya.
For, you see, there are more
places beyond your world.
So let me get this straight
there are four dimensions‐‐
Fusion, Xyz, Synchro,
and Standard‐‐
and they're all fighting
each other? But why?
Why would the dimensions
all want to do this?
One man‐‐
Leo Akaba.
Huh?
What is that?
Uh, would someone
mind telling me why
there's now another guy
who looks just like me?
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day can make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Aren't there any other
cameras in that park?!
They're too far away
to lock onto the target!
Sora must have gone back
to the Fusion Dimension
to gather reinforcements.
He'll return
to take us all out.
I should be there!
Raise the energy
detection levels
around the perimeter
of the park.
If a large number
of duelists converge
and try to launch an invasion,
we'll know it right away.
We can't just sit and watch,
we've got to do something!
This is my city. I'll be the
one to decide how to protect it.
C'mon! What's the deal
here?! Why do you both look like
me?
(cracking knuckles)
Your loser buddies aren't here
to save you this time.
I demand a rematch,
here and now!
That's a laugh! I don't
need anybody to save me
from a fusion follower
like you, "No‐go"!
So your name's "No‐go"!?
I warned you before.
Don't call me "No‐go!"
The name's Yugo!
Yugo?
(computer voice)
Duel mode engaged.
Autopilot activated.
You're toast!
Let's Duel!
I strike first...
and hard!
(grunting)
You can run but you can't hide
from this sinister spinster.
Say hello to
Speedroid Terrortop!
Whoa! His bike!
It's his Duel Disk, too!
And next, I'm rolling out
my Level 3 Tuner Monster
Speedroid Tri‐Eyed Dice.
A Tuner Monster?!
Then he's a Syncro Summoner!
I tune Level 3 Tri‐Eyed Dice
with Level 3 Terrortop...
to call forth
a mystical cross‐sword
with the power to cut
every enemy down to size!
I Synchro Summon
Hi‐Speedroid Kendama!
Summoning energy detected!
Is it Fusion?
No. Syncro. Oh, my! It's
incredibly powerful, sir!
Synchro energy?!
How intriguing.
It seems we have a new
visitor to Paradise City.
I wonder if he is
friend or foe?
This guys appears out of
nowhere and he Syncro Summons?
So if what Yuto said is true,
that there's
a Synchro Dimension...
maybe he's from there.
Now I activate Hi‐Speedroid
Kendama's special ability.
By banishing one Speedroid
in my graveyard,
you take 500 points
of damage!
(panting)
(groaning)
That's enough for now. I'll
give you a fighting chance.
Yugo's a Synchro summoner!
I thought Yuto's enemies
were Fusion Duelists!
It's my move!
I summon The Phantom
Knights of Ragged Gloves!
And I think a pair of boots
will go nicely
with my pair of gloves.
I summon The Phantom
Knights of Silent Boots!
Keeping up? Hope so,
for your sake,
because next
I overlay my Level 3
Phantom Knights of Ragged
Gloves and Silent Boots!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon The Phantom
Knights of Break Sword!
Rise, my mighty beast!
Powerful Xyz Summon
energy detected!
And now it's Xyz.
I don't understand
what's going on, sir.
Fortunately, I do.
Yugo must be here.
Yugo?
He's from
the Synchro Dimension,
but he's buddy buddy
with those Fusion freaks!
I know that no good "No‐go"
is battling Yuto right now!
I have to go help him!
I can't allow that.
Why not?!
Because we don't know
if the Syncro Dimension
is really our foe.
It may be,
but if it's not,
attacking this Yugo
will make them an enemy.
I don't think
that's a wise move.
Do I make myself
perfectly clear, Shay?
(growling)
Since I used Ragged Gloves
to Xyz Summon,
1,000 attack points
are added to my Break Sword.
Now my Break Sword attack and
cut his Kendama down to size!
That wasn't very nice.
That's a taste
of what's coming.
Since my turn's done,
Break Sword's attack
points go back to normal.
Aw! That's really too bad.
Bad for you, because I'm about
to run your life points down!
(tires squealing)
I activate the spell
Speed Recovery
and summon a Speedroid
from my graveyard!
Welcome back,
Hi‐Speedroid Kendama!
It's time to take to the sky!
Huh!
Synchro style!
First up, my Kendama's going
to take out your Break Sword!
I don't think so, "Slow‐go"!
I'm playing the trap
Phantom Sword!
It gives Break Sword
an extra 800 attack points.
Now Yuto's
got the upper hand.
I'm pulling a u'ey
on that move!
I activate the trap
Speed Turn!
It switches Break Sword
to defense mode
and lowers its defense
points by 500!
Your Break Sword's
about to be broken!
Wrong again.
Your attack may have
shattered my Phantom Sword,
but my monster
is safe and sound!
I activate Kendama's
special ability!
Your monster might be safe,
but your life points
are a different story.
And you and I both know
that's a game changer!
Aah!
Whoa, you guys
gotta chill out!
(groaning)
I end my turn
with a facedown.
Your move, if you actually
can move, that is.
(groaning)
Yuto!
Stay there.
What?
(groaning)
I draw!
I switch Break Sword
back to attack mode
and summon The Phantom
Knights of Ancient Cloak!
I activate
its special ability.
By switching it
to defense mode,
Break Sword gains
800 attack points
until the end of my turn.
Break Sword, smash that
Kendama into pieces!
I could use Tri‐Eyed Dice's
special ability
from my graveyard
to block the attack, but...
(groaning)
It appears the Sword is
mightier than the Kendama!
It's your move, if you
dare take it, "Lame‐o."
Oh, I'll take it,
just like you took
the most important thing
in the world from me.
You're the ones
who stole from me.
Enough! We can talk about
who stole what after the duel.
(tires squealing)
My turn.
Huh!
I summon
Speedroid Double Yoyo!
And it lets me summon another
Speedroid from my graveyard!
Welcome back to the battle,
my trusty Tri‐Eyed Dice!
(roaring)
I know, you want to smash
this guy just as much as I do,
so let's both
make this happen.
All right, now I tune
my Level 3 Tri‐Eyed Dice
with my Level 4
Double Yoyo!
Beat your wings to whip up
a whirlwind of destruction!
I Synchro Summon
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(roaring)
He's got a dragon too?
This is getting dangerous.
I Synchro Summon
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(roaring)
He's got a dragon too?
This is getting dangerous.
Let's go!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon,
attack Break Sword!
(roaring)
(neighing)
Spin Storm Sky Strike!
Aah!
(groaning)
Yuto!
Stay away!
(grunting)
Thanks to Break Sword's special
ability, when it's destroyed,
I can bring back the two Phantom
Knights I used to summon it...
but now they're Level 4.
Huh! One good turn
deserves another,
but this one's not gonna
turn out good for you!
I play the spell
Shock Surprise.
By banishing Double Yoyo
from my graveyard,
I can destroy
your Ancient Cloak!
(tires squealing)
I think I'll stop there.
You know why I left you those
two monsters, so bring it out.
My Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
is waiting for it.
Let's see which of our dragons
is the strongest!
Summon your
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
and let's
get this over with!
You asked for it.
(roaring)
I draw!
I overlay my Level 4
Ragged Gloves and Silent Boots!
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most
dangerous of dragons!
I Xyz Summon
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(roaring)
(groaning)
Something's wrong with me!
My chest
feels like it's on fire!
(groaning)
(gasping)
Yuto?
You wanted to settle things.
My Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
will do just that.
First, it'll destroy you.
Then, it'll destroy
everything!
Yuto.
I activate Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon's special ability!
By using one overlay unit,
the attack points of
your dragon are cut in half!
And then,
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
gains those attack points.
That special ability
cuts Yugo's clear wing
Synchro Dragon's attack points
down to 1,250,
and Yuto's
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon's
attack points jump to 3,750!
That's only
if I let that happen!
My Synchro Dragon
also has a special ability!
It puts the brakes
on your plan
and it destroys
your dragon as well!
Reverse revenge!
I activate
the Trap Phantom Wing!
It saves my dragon
and gives it an extra
500 attack points!
He survived...
and his dragon came out
even stronger than before!
I'll finish you,
then destroy everything!
Yuto!?
I will spare nothing!
All will rot and crumble!
Yugo!?
Destruction!
Mass destruction!
(gasping)
Stop talking this way,
both of you!
Dueling's not about that!
Dueling's about having fun,
not destroying stuff!
Battle time!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon,
annihilate Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon‐‐‐
Stop it!
It's like you forgot
what dueling is all about!
You're not supposed to
hurt each other!
It's not supposed to be a war!
Don't you get it?
A duel makes people smile.
It's supposed to make them
happy. Know how?
Because it entertains them
and that's why they feel good!
You told me your people duel
for the simple joy of it all!
That fighting
isn't in your nature.
Don't you remember that?
♪
I don't know what
I've been thinking.
This isn't me! I don't
want to hurt people!
(groaning)
I end my turn.
And I'll end
this duel and you!
This is the end of the line!
I summon Speedroid Razorang
to finish you once and for all!
What're you doing?!
This has to stop!
No, it doesn't!
I activate Razorang's
special ability.
By switching it
to defense mode,
one monster on the field
loses 300 attack points.
C'mon, you gotta
stop fighting!
Hurting Yuto's dragon isn't
going to change anything!
Fine, then.
I use it to lower
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's
attack points!
Really?
Yes. And that triggers
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's
special ability,
destroying my Razorang.
Reverse revenge!
(roaring)
So, then,
you'll stop fighting?
Not a chance!
Huh?
You see, my dragon
gains points‐‐
my Razorang's attack points.
No, please stop!
Clear Wing!
Attack Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
Spin Storm Sky Strike!
(gasping)
(grunting)
Aah!
Yuto!
(groaning)
Hey, Yuto, are you okay?
Huh?
(gasping)
What? What happened?
Did I win?
Huh?
What's that?
Yuto, wake up!
It's over!
This is yours.
Take it, Yuya.
(gasping)
Always remember,
use your power...
to keep the world
entertained and smiling.
I will...for you.
(groaning)
(gasping)
My bracelet. Yuya
and Yuto must be nearby.
Yuya? Yuto?
Where are they?
♪
Yuya!
(groaning)
(gasping)
Yuya!
(groaning)
Yuya?
Yuya, what's wrong?
What happened?
Yuya, come on!
Get up! Yuya!
♪
There's an Xyz Dimension
Duel Disk at the site.
I have it in my possession
now, Mr. President.
Good.
Bring it to me.
Yes, sir.
After examining the memories
of our young spy, Sora Perse,
we discovered some very
interesting information...
most notably, this specimen.
She is the fourth piece
I have been searching for.
Her name is Zuzu Boyle.
Find her and bring her
here, Yuri.
♪